feat(custom-resource): AwsCustomResource supports AWS SDK for JavaScript v3 (#25406)
aws/aws-cdk: packages/aws-cdk-lib/custom-resources/README.md

});
```

#### Using AWS SDK for JavaScript v3

> `AwsCustomResource` experimentally supports AWS SDK for JavaScript v3 (NODEJS_18_X or higher). In AWS SDK for JavaScript v3, packages are installed for each service. Therefore, specify the package name for `service`. Also, `action` specifies the XxxClient operations provided in the package. Next example same as `SSM.getParameter` in v2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`AwsCustomResource` experimentally supports AWS SDK for JavaScript v3 (NODEJS_18_X or higher). In AWS SDK for JavaScript v3, packages are installed for each service. Therefore, specify the package name for `service`. Also, `action` specifies the XxxClient operations provided in the package. This example is the same as `SSM.getParameter` in v2.
```
